FREE WRITING - STORY IDEAS



-Here I try to write freely about the story and progression of the game
as if it were a novel.


Coming to

I'm slowly waking up. I'm laying on the floor in a big dark room, right in front 
of an entrance door. I sit up and try to look into the darkness. I can't see very
far. I realize I don't know where I am, so I get up from the floor. I stand still
and look around myself and listen, making sure there's not a threat near me. I don't
hear or see anything, so I relax just a little bit.

Then I realize, I don't know who I am. I don't remember who I am, who my family is
or anything else. I also don't remember how I got here. I walk up to the door to
leave, but the door won't open. I feel panic creep on me. I look for a light switch
next to the door and find it. It doesn't work, nothing happens.

A thought occurs to me, have I been kidnapped? Hesitant, I call out "Hello? Is anyone
in here?". There's no response. I think I heard a muffled thud somewhere in a nearby room,
but I'm not sure. I follow the wall to the right of the door (my right), until I reach a corner 
and another door. I slowly open it and it creaks.

Another dark room. I walk forward, feeling my way ahead. I feel a handle, and so I pull. A door
pulls open, it must be a refridgerator. There's no light though. I close it. Next to the 
fridge I feel a stove. I must be in a kitchen. Next to the stove I find some drawers. 
A knife! I need a knife for protection. I pull the first drawer open, and feel inside. 
There's cobbweb and utensils. I pull out the next drawer and feel it as well. Wooden spatulas and spoons, I close
it. I open the next one. I feel my hand touch a handle and a blade. I grab the knife
and close the drawer. I run my hands over the counters in the kitchen, feeling some
dishes, but nothing useful as far as I can tell. Some of the dishes make a sound
as I accidentally push them into each other. Shh... I think to myself.

I go back to the kitchen door and listen. (Random sounds could play at random
times, which could make the player actually want to listen before leaving
the room. They might feel like there was someone or something in the
next room if they heard something) I hear something / don't hear anything
in the next room. In the next room I follow the wall on my left again.

I reach a little drawer by the wall. It has a vase on top of it. I open
the first drawer and reach inside. There's a little carboard box inside. I take it
and shake it. As I thought, it's a matchbox.
